OSDOCS-16950#CQA work Stor6 - LVMS LVMCluster CR (#116573)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/lvms-deleting-lvmcluster-using-cli.adoc

[id="lvms-deleting-lvmcluster-using-cli_{context}"]
= Deleting an LVMCluster CR by using the CLI

[role="_abstract"]

> You can delete an LVMCluster custom resource (CR) when decommissioning {lvms} or reconfiguring storage using the OpenShift CLI (`oc`).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can delete an `LVMCluster` custom resource (CR) when decommissioning {lvms} or reconfiguring storage by using the {oc-first}.
```
